# Current-Event-Report

##  Ukranian Ransomware

  The Ukranian Ransomware incident in 2017 was a cyber attack that effected accounting software through corrupted updates.  Claims were made agaisnt the Ukrianian made software, MEDoc. However, the company denies these claims.  A security expert, Marcus Hutchins, claimed to reveal MEDoc as the source as there update system was compromised to download and run malware onto computers.  This instance of ransomware spreading is peciluar because normally ransomware is spread through emails, attemping to fool users into donwloading files with malware.  It was noted that this current attack, that was spread through a software update, had worm like properties, which looked for more vulnerabilties in the computer. Ransomware , specifically this instance, then forced a reboot and demanded a encryptped key to be unlocked. Alan Woodward, a computer scientist from University of Surrey stated that the process of updating software is: "Normally a very tightly controled proccess, so this is unusual". Because of this it is difficult to say what could have been done to prevent this.  Specific log and system checks of the updating software information before the update is published is essential for assuring a safe update is being sent to users.
  

  ##   Broadvoice Data Breach
  
  In 2020 Broadvoice was the victim of a databreach which exposed more than 350 million customer records. These records included names, phone numbers, and call transcripts. This data breach is particulary interesting because its software was not encrypted, secured behind authentication, or protected.  This cluster was able to be accessed with no authentication, allowing hackers to access to 10 seperate collections of data.  This data was open to the interenet because of the technology Broadvoice used, it allowed interactions with patients, clients and other data-flow between cloud based systems, with no authentication.  The vulnerability was found and secured on the same day by Bob Diachenko, the cluster had been exposed for four days.  Although no miuse of data was noticed the company has been working t ensure that reatined data is destroyed.  Although the data had no financial data for users it did have names, medical information, and phone numbers. This data can be used in phishing attacks where companies and use this data against victims.  Authentication for the data clusters is essential in preventing these data breaches.  This example of a cyberattack is intersting because it involves a company that wants users to be able to interact with data, however, this caused a wealth of data to be exposed and exploited at the cost of users. This becomes a conflict of user experience and user security, extra steps a user might have to make (I.E. logging in to a website) to secure data for everyone.
    
